README.md, before:

Week 1: Git, GitHub and programming fundamentals  

Day 1- Git & GitHub setup  
(Date: 16 Dec 2025)  

> Installed and configured Git.  
> Set up GitHub repository.  
```
BridgeLabz-Training/
|---- core-java-practice/
|     |-----gcr-codebase/
|     |     |----arrays/
|     |     |----control-flows/
|     |     |----Extras/
|     |     |----methods/
|     |     |----programming elements/
|     |     |----program-prerequisite/
|     |     |----Strings/
|     |-----leet-code-codebase/
|     |-----scenario-based-codebase/
|-----README.md/
```

> Learned basic Git commands.  
> Sucessfully pushed files to the repository.  

Day 2: Git practice and basic java programs  
(Date: 17 Dec 2025)  

> Practised Git workflow to understand commits and version control.  
> Solved basic programs to understand syntax and structure.  
> Practised adding, commiting and pushing java files to Github.  
Code link  
[Day 2: Basic java programs](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/program-prerequisite)  


Day 3: Git practice and basic java programs  
(Date: 18 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java programming elements  
      > Variables and data-types  
      > Operators  
      > User input and output  
> Solved practice problem based on programming elements.  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 3: Programming Elements](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/programming-elements)  

Day 4: java control flow programs  
(Date: 19 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java control flow  
      > if-else  
      > loops  
      > switch case  
> Solved practice problem based on control flow  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 4: Control flow](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/control-flows)  

Day 5: studied Arrays in java  
(Date: 20 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java Arrays  
> Solved practice problem based on array.  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 5: Control flow](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/arrays)

Day 6: studied methods in java  
(Date: 22 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java methods    
> Solved practice problem based on methods.    
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 6: Methods ](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods)

Day 7: studied strings in java  
(Date: 23 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java strings.      
> Solved practice problem based on string.      
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 7: Strings ](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/Strings)

Commit message:

[Wasim] : added details of day 8.
Added details about Day 8 study on date and time concepts in Java, including extra practice problems and their solutions.

README.md, after:

Week 1: Git, GitHub and programming fundamentals  

Day 1- Git & GitHub setup  
(Date: 16 Dec 2025)  

> Installed and configured Git.  
> Set up GitHub repository.  
```
BridgeLabz-Training/
|---- core-java-practice/
|     |-----gcr-codebase/
|     |     |----arrays/
|     |     |----control-flows/
|     |     |----Extras/
|     |     |----methods/
|     |     |----programming elements/
|     |     |----program-prerequisite/
|     |     |----Strings/
|     |-----leet-code-codebase/
|     |-----scenario-based-codebase/
|-----README.md/
```

> Learned basic Git commands.  
> Sucessfully pushed files to the repository.  

Day 2: Git practice and basic java programs  
(Date: 17 Dec 2025)  

> Practised Git workflow to understand commits and version control.  
> Solved basic programs to understand syntax and structure.  
> Practised adding, commiting and pushing java files to Github.  
Code link  
[Day 2: Basic java programs](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/program-prerequisite)  


Day 3: Git practice and basic java programs  
(Date: 18 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java programming elements  
      > Variables and data-types  
      > Operators  
      > User input and output  
> Solved practice problem based on programming elements.  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 3: Programming Elements](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/programming-elements)  

Day 4: java control flow programs  
(Date: 19 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java control flow  
      > if-else  
      > loops  
      > switch case  
> Solved practice problem based on control flow  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 4: Control flow](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/control-flows)  

Day 5: studied Arrays in java  
(Date: 20 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java Arrays  
> Solved practice problem based on array.  
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 5: Control flow](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/arrays)

Day 6: studied methods in java  
(Date: 22 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java methods    
> Solved practice problem based on methods.    
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 6: Methods ](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods)

Day 7: studied strings in java  
(Date: 23 Dec 2025)  

> Studied java strings.      
> Solved practice problem based on string.      
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 7: Strings ](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/Strings)

Day 8: studied date and time concept in java and solved extra questions  
(Date: 24 Dec 2025)  

> Studied how to get dates in different formats in java.
> Solved extra practice problems based on bult-in functions      
> Solved extra practice problem based on methods.      
> Commited and pushed solutions to repository.  
Code link  
[Day 8: Extra questions ](https://github.com/wasim-akaram/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/Extras)
